# Smartphone-dependency---Intel-oneAPI
The objective of the Smartphone Dependency Risk and Effects, is basically the in-depth analysis of smartphone usage and its effects on the users. Technology is rising day by day and in the current time we cannot perform our day-to-day activities without a smartphone to one extent but there is increase in the use of smartphone usage there arises a lot of problems like health related, mentally and physical problems. By this research on smartphone dependency, we try to analyze the causes of more smartphone usage and how is it affecting people in various ways and showing the results and predicting the future difficulties using it. Identifying which age group uses has more screen time comparing the results and disorders caused by the addiction of smartphone usage. We use machine learning to predict and interpret our results by studying the data collected through a survey of different age group. In recent years, most of the global populations (especially college and university students), use smartphones, due to its wide range of applications. While beneficial in numerous ways, smartphones have disadvantages such as reduction in work efficacy, personal attention social nuisance, and psychological addiction. Mobile phone is the most dominant portal of information and communication technology. Mobile phone addiction and withdrawal from mobile network may increase anger, tension, depression, irritability, and restlessness which may alter the physiological behavior and reduce work efficacy. Hence, the present study was planned to study the addiction behavior of mobile phone usage using an online survey. We try to compare the results with the present stage of the dependency and conclude whether how much it has affected people and the measures reduce it.
